
Most of this is done, but we need to leave it so we may check
it out more carefully.


  Refactor!!!


  Disable the window copy when in Fullscreen mode.

  Make a release :) 


  Make 'N' put up the Select Channel to Plot tab in the Graph Details.

  Add configure tab that lets you change app default values.
     - like turning off label reading.
     - default background
     - lines on/off
     - points on/off

  Add per user defaults that can be saved or auto saved
  in a dot file.

  Ruby bindings...

  Change graph tab name when graph gets it's first plot.

  Add a screenshot gallary to the homepage
     - link to it on the top page.
     - thumb nails with command line option
       and links to:
        * with data files
        * or c source file
        * or Ruby source files
     - do not include it in the source.

  Add move grid to front option

  Add move plot to front button/function

  Full control of graph colors and fonts:
   Like:
    Add x/y line grid color, x/y line number font
    x/y line number color, and sub grid x/y line
    colors.


  Add another Cairo draw mode that will use sub-pixel values
  or basically use Cairo the way it was meant to be used.
  It will be much slower at drawing than the current
  Quickplot Cairo draw mode, but may make much better
  static images.  It could make images that are not
  restricted by the computer display.

  Fix and use plot sig fig in status (may be done)

  add sub-grid

  initialize app->op_geometry

  alternate the colors of row in the key binding list in help??

  find/check all the GTK+ argument options

  check the status x y print format when there is no grid

  Make man page.


  Make function channels that use less memory
     - linear channel
     - sine functions and other elementary functions


  Add Channel functions like linear, sine, cosine, exp, ln and so on
    - do using plugins??
    - plugins that quickplot compiles or Ruby??

  Add other channel data types other than double, like short and int
  for loading sound files with a smaller buffer.


  Add CAIRO X11 macro #ifdef to code to
  remove X11 specific code on none X11 platforms


  add all --no-bla-bla and --bla-bla options that
  make things consistent

  change all the window titles to the graph names just
  before we call gtk_main().

  Test the startup of large data sets plotting more than
  one graph tab and more than one window.

  Try setting the status text on long redraws to say "drawing"


  Add widget that shows and edits all app options.


  Add focus grab when waiting for the draw ...
  or just throw away all events except quit or escape and equivalent.


  Add quick culling to the case when values are always decreasing.


  Test having a channel in a source with all bad data.


  Add extern C to port API to C++.


Document the changes of reading ASCII files
  comment lines can start with:
     zero or more white space
     '!'-')' '/' '<'-'@' 'C' 'c'

     any non-decimal character sequence can be a separator.
     So -inf +99999 nan inf and decimal point before or after
     an digit cannot be a separator.  A separator any be any
     number of chars. Any combination of Space tab , (if it is
     not a decimal point) * H can be a separator.  You can make
     some pretty messy data files like

        I love this
        yyy0ginanoyt
        ww1vb10yy
        qq2wrtz
        pp3ttinfxz
        4 66.0
        This is a comment
        #So is this 353232

     Is read the same as:

     0 nan
     1 10
     2 nan
     3 inf
     4 66.0

     ... assuming you did not tell quickplot to read labels
     for any of that.
     
     nan or NAN is a number that is-not-a-number.
     It can be thought of as 0/0.
     In order to make the channels (columns) that a read in
     all consistent a nan is inserted in place of the blank
     next to the 2 in the second channel.  This keeps the
     values aligned.
     In calculus it is a very popular number, or more
     presciently indeterminate form.
     It's used by quickplot to represent a absent (or missing)
     value in a data channel or field if you will.
     -NAN or -nan is read as nan in quickplot because -nan
     is used in quickplot to mark ends of data.
    
     The above example if we plot the second column VS the first
     column the first point (0,nan) will be skipped in the plot.
     INF or inf stay for a value too large to be read like
     infinity or 1x10^(1000000000000000000000000000000).
     Quickplot with just make a not that there is a large value
     when plotting.  -INF or -inf can be used in a similar
     fashion for large negative numbers.

     Quickplot can parse any plan text file without error.
     But remember garbage in gives garbage out.



Add option to strip nan and/or inf from channels.  ??


